---
layout: post
title: I presented my work on ADC-Less In-memory Computing at ModSim 2023!
date: 2023-08-11 16:11:00-0400
tags: ModSim23 Research SNN Neuromorphic
description: I have presented a poster ADC-Less In-memory Computing at ModSim 2023
inline: false
published: true
related_posts: false
og_image: https://mapolinario94.github.io/assets/img/modsim_2.jpg
---

Just wrapped up three incredible days at Workshop on Modeling & Simulation of Systems and Applications ([ModSim23](https://www.bnl.gov/modsim/index.php){:target="\_blank})! The workshop was a melting pot of ideas and innovations, where experts shared their insights on the future of computing, semiconductors, and AI. It was an intellectually stimulating experience that left me with gears turning in my head.

One of the highlights for me was the opportunity to present my research on Hardware-Software Co-design with ADC-Less In-memory computing hardware for spiking neural networks. Being able to share my work with fellow researchers and enthusiasts was truly exhilarating. I'm grateful for the chance to contribute to the vibrant academic community at the workshop.

ModSim23 has not only expanded my horizons but also fueled my passion for pushing the boundaries of technology. I'm excited to take all that I've learned and apply it to my ongoing research and future endeavors. Here's to the power of collaboration and the endless possibilities that lie ahead in the world of computational science and artificial intelligence!

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/modsim_2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/modsim_poster.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Presentation at ModSim 2023 Workshop.
</div>

