---
layout: post
title: Presented my research on in-memory computing at DAC 2024!
date: 2024-06-27 16:11:00-0400
tags: DAC2024 Research SNN Neuromorphic
description: Presented my research on in-memory computing at DAC 2024!
inline: false
published: true
related_posts: false
og_image: https://mapolinario94.github.io/assets/img/dac2024.jpg
---

During the past week, I had the incredible opportunity to attend the Design Automation Conference (DAC) 2024 in San Francisco. This 5-day event was a hub of innovation and networking.

On the first day of DAC, I presented my research on Hardware/Software Co-design with ADC-Less In-Memory Computing hardware for Spiking Neural Networks at the [In-Memory Architectures and Computing Applications Workshop (iMACAW)](https://eclectx.org/iMACAW/){:target="\_blank}. The workshop was an inspiring gathering of brilliant minds, and I was amazed by the innovative work being developed worldwide.
.

A heartfelt thanks to the iMACAW organizers for the invitation and to NRL at Purdue University, Center for Brain-Inspired Computing, and Center for the Co-Design of Cognitive Systems for their incredible support, enabling my participation in this event. It was a fantastic experience to reconnect with friends, forge new connections, and engage in stimulating discussions with colleagues.

The talks I attended were both educational and intriguing, offering deeper insights into the semiconductor industry, AI, and tech advancements. It's fascinating to witness the rapid development in tech and the significant impact of AI technologies on the semiconductor industry. Generative AI models are revolutionizing hardware design by increasing abstraction levels, making the process more accessible. Meanwhile, the demand for more energy-efficient hardware accelerators, especially for workloads like transformers, is driving remarkable innovations.

I was particularly excited by the research on on-device learning, especially approaches involving hybrid in-memory computing architectures using ReRAM or MRAM combined with SRAM for efficient continual learning. These approaches leverage the energy efficiency of SRAMs during weight updates and ReRAM/MRAM during inference. Additionally, the talks on democratizing chip design were particularly noteworthy and inspiring, highlighting initiatives to make chip design more accessible and ideas on attracting new talent to the field.

Thank you, DAC 2024, for an unforgettable experience. I look forward to the continued evolution and breakthroughs in our field!


<div class="row mt-1">
    <div class="col">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/dac2024.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Presentation at Design Automation Conference (DAC) 2024.
</div>

